[Fix #616]  Adding dependency documentation to embedded (#620)
apache/incubator-kie-kogito-docs: serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/getting-started/java-embedded-workflows.adoc

<6> Build the workflow definition
<7> Execute and print as in previous example

=== Additional fluent examples

You can find additional and commented examples of fluent API usage (including jq expression evaluation and orchestration of rest services) link:{kogito_sw_examples_url}/sonataflow-fluent[here]

== Dependencies explanation

> Embedded workflow uses a modular approach to keep the number of required dependencies as small as possible. The rationale is to avoid adding to the dependency set something that you are not going to use. For example, OpenAPI module is based on Swagger parser, if you are not going to call any OpenAPI service, it is better to avoid adding Swagger to the dependency set. This means the link:{swf_executor_core_maven_repo_url}[Core] dependency does not include the stuff to use gRPC, OpenAPI or most custom function types.  

Reviewer: Just rephrased the sentence. 
```suggestion
Embedded workflow uses a modular approach to keep the number of required dependencies as small as possible. The rationale is to avoid adding something that you will not use to the dependency set. For example, the OpenAPI module is based on a Swagger parser, if you are not going to call any OpenAPI service, it is better to avoid adding Swagger to the dependency set. This means the link:{swf_executor_core_maven_repo_url}[Core] dependency does not include the stuff to use gRPC, OpenAPI, or most custom function types.  
```

> In order to keep the number of required dependencies as smaller as possible, embedded workflow uses a modular approach. The rationale is to avoid adding to the dependency set something that you are not going to use. For example, OpenAPI module is based on Swagger parser, if you are not going to call any OpenAPI service, it is better to avoid adding Swagger to the dependency set. This means the link:{swf_executor_core_maven_repo_url}[Core] dependency does not include the stuff to use gRPC, OpenAPI or most custom function types.  

Reviewer 2: rephrase and typo

```suggestion
The embedded workflow uses a modular approach to keep the number of required dependencies as small as possible. The rationale is to avoid adding something that you are not going to use to the dependency set. This means the link:{swf_executor_core_maven_repo_url}[Core] dependency does not include the stuff to use link:{spec_doc_url}#using-functions-for-rpc-service-invocations[gRPC] (which will add the Guava libraries to the dependency set) or https://github.com/serverlessworkflow/specification/blob/0.8.x/specification.md#using-functions-for-restful-service-invocations[OpenAPI] (which will add Swagger libraries to the dependency set) function types. They need to be included explicitly.
```typos

```suggestion
The embedded workflow uses a modular approach to keep the number of required dependencies as small as possible. The rationale is to avoid adding something that you are not going to use to the dependency set. This means the link:{swf_executor_core_maven_repo_url}[Core] dependency does not include the stuff to use link:{spec_doc_url}#using-functions-for-rpc-service-invocations[gRPC] (which will add the Guava libraries to the dependency set) or https://github.com/serverlessworkflow/specification/blob/0.8.x/specification.md#using-functions-for-restful-service-invocations[OpenAPI] (which will add Swagger libraries to the dependency set) function types. They need to be included explicitly.
```

Author: Sorry @gmunozfe , I changed the phrasing while you were reading it, can you review it again?

This is list of additional dependencies you might need to add depending on the functionality you are using:

> * link:{swf_executor_rest_maven_repo_url}[Rest]: Add if you use xref:core/custom-functions-support#con-func-rest[custom Rest] function type. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* link:{swf_executor_rest_maven_repo_url}[REST]: Add if you use xref:core/custom-functions-support#con-func-rest[custom Rest] function type. 
```

* link:{swf_executor_grpc_maven_repo_url}[gRPC]: Add if you use link:{spec_doc_url}#using-functions-for-rpc-service-invocations[gRPC] function type. See link:{kogito_runtimes_swf_test_url}/RPCWorkflowApplicationTest.java[example]. 
* link:{swf_executor_python_maven_repo_url}[Python]: Add if you use xref:core/custom-functions-support#con-func-python[custom Python] function type. See link:{kogito_runtimes_swf_url}/kogito-serverless-workflow-executor-python/src/test/java/org/kie/kogito/serverless/workflow/executor/PythonFluentWorkflowApplicationTest.java[example].
* link:{swf_executor_events_maven_repo_url}[Events]: Add if you use Event or Callback state in your workflow. Only Kafka events are supported right now. See link:{kogito_runtimes_swf_url}/kogito-serverless-workflow-executor-kafka/src/test/java/org/kie/kogito/serverless/workflow/executor/WorkflowEventPublisherTest.java[Publisher] and link:{kogito_runtimes_swf_url}/kogito-serverless-workflow-executor-kafka/src/test/java/org/kie/kogito/serverless/workflow/executor/WorkflowEventSusbcriberTest.java[Subscriber] examples.

== Persistence support

> To enable persistence, you need to include the desired {product_name} persistence add-on as dependency and setup `StaticWorkflowApplication` to use the `ProcessInstances` implementation provided by the add-on. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable persistence, you must include the desired {product_name} persistence add-on as a dependency and set up `StaticWorkflowApplication` to use the `ProcessInstances` implementation provided by the add-on. 
```

Since, within an embedded environment, you usually do not want to contact an external database, the recommendation is to use link:{rocksdb_url}[rocksdb] embedded database. You do that by adding the link:{rocksdb_addon_maven_repo_url}[rocksdb add-on] dependency and adding the following code snippet when you create your `StaticWorkflowApplication` object

[source,java]
----
  StaticWorkflowApplication.create().processInstancesFactory(new RocksDBProcessInstancesFactory(new Options().setCreateIfMissing(true), tempDir.toString()))
----

> See link:{kogito_runtimes_swf_test_url}/PersistentApplicationTest.java[persistence example] 

Reviewer 2: Missing article and dot:

```suggestion
See the link:{kogito_runtimes_swf_test_url}/PersistentApplicationTest.java[persistence example].
```
